Flavio
First I'll qualify this Im not the worlds best roommate by any measure.
But having some terrible roommates in the past has at the very
least made me aware of what you shouldnt do when youre cohabiting
with someone smoothie incident notwithstanding.
I do make an effort to treat my roommates with the respect
that I expect from them and thats definitely a win.
Nearly everyone Ive lived with is struggling through various states of arrested
development learning to be more adult and less petty about things.
And well get there eventuallyat which point well probably be making enough
money to finally live on our own.
NOTE end of file